Hello, New York!
Welcome to the Fabulous Gramercy Theater in downtown Greenwich, Upper East Greenwich.
It's Harmontown is now in session.
Let's bring to the stage Spencer Crittenden.
Hey guys!
Oh shit.
We're in the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Dan Harmon.
Thank you, New York!
Thank you!
Oh yeah.
Yeah, we did a little experimental thing.
I did some taping before the show.
Is this the place where we did that the first time?
No.
That was Canada, where everything is an experiment.
Thank you, lights.
Thank you so much.
You know, what do you call it, your circadian schedule, is that what it's called?
Your circadian...
Rhythm.
You know, the sine wave of your circadian ups and downs.
Oh, rhythm.
I'll look it up later.
It's probably telling you that nothing is interesting or funny, or if you're drunk,
that there's something wrong with you, you know, I can't combat that.
Right, we're doing our jobs.
You guys got to step up.
But I did, because I thought, okay, so I wait.
I mean, you don't have to wait.
You are waiting.
You're an audience.
That's what you do.
I don't have to tell you to wait.
Sorry, I'm sorry.
I made like a...on the way here in the cab, I made a PowerPoint.
Wait, okay, Levy said I was here somewhere.
Levy, is it...is it...
Oh, it's in preview.
Okay.
You have open emu on that thing?
We should play Mario.
Oh, there it is.
Okay.
Wait, I can...I think you just...okay.
All right.
Steve Levy, everybody.
Yes, yes.
All right.
My presentation for those of you who are later listening and who didn't pay a million dollars,
so who cares about your needs, but for those of you who are listening, this slide show
is called New York Show, Why It Will Be Great.
That's the first slide.
And then...okay, what...all right, all right, it's not really...okay.
I don't know if...I didn't expect it to be this bad.
It's supposed to still be able to like be a slide show, but they're just scrolling through
like a papyrus on screen.
What is a show?
A show is entertainment, success, connection, and there's a boat because it's a...
Why was that boat all wrinkly?
This is a...there's a quote slide with Johnny Appleseed's type quote here.
Okay, so New York and Deanna Harmon are urban, but see the thing is these are supposed to
be slides, so then it's...
Then it would appear that the word uncompromising appeared underneath or at urban, but instead
it's just scrolling through.
Also, my first name's in all caps because the phone knows me that way, and it's...where
of...we're urban, we're uncompromising, we're offended by 9-11, very much so, to the core,
and we're efficient, but there's a triangle I couldn't get rid of.
New York and Deanna Harmon are okay looking from a distance, but less so during the day.
We are...we're up close, parts of us are beautiful, parts of us are scary and smell like pee.
New York and Deanna Harmon, you can tell what we just ate by looking at the ground around
us, except in the case of me, that's like regular food, and New York just...they eat dreams.
It eats dreams.
This is New York City, not a New Yorker.
Boy, Harmon.
Oh, what?
Okay, what?
Wait, wait.
Oh no.
Is that it?
That's the whole thing?
Yeah, I guess so.
It loops.
I didn't know they loop.
Yeah.
All right, also I...you know, okay, all right, later on, maybe we'll...I wish I could type
better.
Oh, now that works.
Okay.
All right, so we have some people we could meet too, but only if I'm really...well, we
have one person we're going to meet no matter what, and then another person if I'm like
drowning.
Oh, that's not very nice.
Now they'll have to figure out which is which.
No, the first person is the person I'd like you to meet.
The second person, if I bring them up, you know that that person is like somebody that
I'm like, we're drowning.
Yeah.
And then they have to know that, but they can use that.
They can be self-effacing about that.
Yeah, I'm sure they'll use that to their advantage.
Yeah.
I have some things that...okay, hold on a second.
Spatially, this is a lot more complicated than we're used to.
Yeah.
A lot of maneuvering.
How are you enjoying this trip to New York?
Oh, I hate it.
I'm in deadline hell right now.
After this, I am sure to go back to continue working on the thing that we're supposed to
shoot in a week.
Oh.
But our second guest, if we're drowning, is our boss from CISO, so you could probably
just...
Ask him.
Okay, the show.
Yeah.
A week.
I hope we drown.
Because also, I hope this show doesn't go that well.
You're talking about a Harmon quest second season is what you're talking about?
Some updates just, if you are a Cookie Collector II person that has joined my Cookie Collector
II team, I didn't know there was no way to kick people off.
a lot of you, there can only be 50 people.
There's a lot of freeloaders on your team.
I don't know if you can figure out a way to leave the team, but if you could, if you've
collected literally zero cookies, that's not how you play Cookie Collector 2.
To lead your camp.
It's not, I'm not an elitist, I'm not saying you gotta work hard and play hard and you
know.
It's called Cookie Collector.
A lot of you, like 47 of you are taking up 47 of 50 slots and you're collecting zero
cookies.
You can't rumble crumbs that way.
But I'd also like to say the reason I don't appear to be collecting a lot of cookies right
now is because I'm building up bonuses.
I keep prestigeing.
Okay.
All right, so what if that's what they're all doing, though?
But you know, you can't do that without collecting.
These people have collected zero cookies.
Okay, I don't know the game.
Dr. Henry Lee, a world famous forensic scientist.
So this crazy thing happened.
Where is he based?
He lives in California.
We have to get him on the show.
Dr. Henry Lee is amazing.
There's a forensic files marathon happening right now on the television.
And like Cody, Cody recorded him saying the same thing.
She didn't have Tivo.
She wasn't able to freeze it.
It was just like a weird coincidence.
We were like sharing the, you know, him and the JonBenét Ramsey thing.
He's like, don't steal my papal.
And then it's like, are you allowed to have fun with the fact that a guy speaks very, very
broken English?
It's like, that ties into like, you know, it's like, are those days over?
I don't know if New York City understands that concept.
It's like, where does it bleed into racism?
I think the guy's English is very, very funny, and that's linked to whatever.
He talks funny.
But he can handle it.
He's very, very smart.
And he's just like, he speaks such funny English, and because of his job, he has to talk about
the grossest shit.
And so Cody saw this clip, and she taped it, and it was, Dr. Henry Lee, there was like
a UV ray going over a bed, and there was just all this shit lighting up, and Dr. Henry
Lee says, we found between 150 and 200 individual seamy stains.
That's a lot of seamy stain.
I was just watching over and over again.
Then we checked into our hotel, and we turned down the forensic files, Marathon, and the
same thing was playing.
And we were, oh my God, the same thing happened to me, but with drivers, dinos, and dives.
Oh shit.
What's drivers, diamonds, and dives?
Well, let's move on.
It's fine.
Is there a show about cars that go into the ocean and the people that rescue their treasures?
Yeah.
Posted by Guy Fieri.
Anyways, that is a lot of seamy stain, but I thought it was interesting that he had sort
of a sympathy for the devil kind of delivery on that.
He's like, that's a lot of seamy stain.
And then it cut to a different thing, and I think what he said next is like, but, you
know, or maybe he said, and I should know.
I thought it sounded like sympathy for the bed, right?
I thought it was more like, I thought he was saying, that's a lot of seamy stain, but that
alone does not make man a bad person.
Special people generate seamy.
You may be bad person.
You may be forensic genius.
Maybe that make you make more semen.
I don't know.
Cody killed her first fly today.
What?
Which I, no, no, no.
Did she not like killing bugs?
No, it wasn't that.
That's what I thought.
But she's just bad at it.
She's never got, she's never gotten a kill.
There was a giant fly in the hotel bathroom, and she, she was relaying this all to me.
I wasn't there.
She, she, she injured it with a towel.
Nice.
She went into a crevice.
A good start.
And she, she, so she sprayed it with hairspray.
Also nice.
Until it crawled out of the crevice.
Right.
Dizzy.
And gummed up.
From this great hair.
And, and then she finally smushed it.
And it just made me think, can you imagine, because flies, they literally correct me if
I'm wrong.
The common house fly, its lifespan is one day, right?
I doubt it.
That's not true.
I don't think so.
Maybe.
Do we have an armchair entomologist down here that said no?
Okay.
Well, who, flies in like swamps live a day, someone said.
Well, gnats surely, but flies are bigger than gnats.
I thought they live a day.
Who thinks they know better?
I'm sure some flies live a day, Dan.
Yeah.
Nobody's really willing to, we got a, we got a very delicate hand coming up.
Not, I'm not, that's not, you're not a delicate person.
I'm not saying, I'm saying your hand is delicate, sir.
Uh, saying it was a furtive, furtive.
Thank you.
They live a day as adults.
They live longer as maggots.
I see.
I don't know about that either.
All right.
Well.
I'm just going to call bullshit on anything anyone says from here on out.
This is a very risky thing for me to do, but it would probably happen if I didn't call
for it.
But if anybody were to find out, well, I heard someone yell out 28 days.
28 days?
Wow.
Later.
That's a lot of semestand.
Okay.
28 days.
So never mind.
Well, what were you going to say?
Well, I was just like, these things live for a day and then like some of them get to live
like the perfect life because it's like there's turds everywhere and they love them.
And it's like, like, and then I was thinking like so many of them just live in our definition
of hell, like, like, like, because they are born and then they're probably like an hour
into their life and then, and then they probably spend, then then somebody's just trying to
swat them the whole time and they're like, can I just please eat a little bit of that
dried milk off that picnic table and, and then there, or there's like a horse tail is
like constantly trying to kill them and their family and I don't know.
But 28 days, they should, they should figure it out.
Oh, they should.
Fly is about it too easy for too long.
They have time to like build a fly house and they could, if they, if they, if they're,
yeah, we don't, they don't deserve our sympathy insects because they, they're like the first
type of organism, the first phylum.
No.
First kingdom.
Kingdom maybe.
No.
Kingdoms are animal and.
Oh, yeah.
Animal, kingdom, phylum.
The first phylum to like, you know, start nailing it as far as organization because
they're multicellular organisms that then got meta and fractal about it and said, what
if these multicellular individuals worked in a colony and were social and stuff.
And so they've kind of perfected everything and then they got lazy and they were just
like, well, it's not like, it's not like we're going to turn into lizards and then squirrels
and then monkeys and then the monkeys are going to like hit a gazelle with a femur bone and
make spaceships.
But they were wrong and they've, and they fucking, now they, now they can eat our shit.
And they're like, we love your shit.
And I'm like, yeah, protest more.
That's how Planet of the Apes happened, right?
Just a reminder.
So, okay, hold on.
With these bugs though, I always assume that bugs just like we're little windup toys, right?
But people feel bad about killing bugs.
Like what's the consensus?
Does, does PETA, how does, where does PETA stand?
I don't care what PETA stands for.
That's a good way to get your, some, you blown up.
You know, well, you heard about this PETA thing, right?
About this, this new ad campaign that I was talking about.
Well, they have the women's aid.
I was held down and I was violated and they go, surprise, I'm speaking for cows.
For cows, yeah.
Yeah.
There were people, I saw people's reactions to that included, like I saw somebody on Twitter
being like, this is over the line, PETA needs to be shut down.
That's the problem.
That is our problem.
Like that's why our country is like, like suffering because of people that, it's not because
of all the shit that's going on, it's because we have successfully systematized the infantilization
of, of, of us, of ourselves as a biomass where there are like second or third generation
of people that are just like, that's offensive.
Somebody's going to deal with that for sure.
Like, like, like the teacher's not going to put up with that obnoxious person.
As for me, I'll be over here getting straight A's.
No, you're going to be over here sliding into the ocean and there may be a Nazi elected
in a day.
Like, like, like, like, and I'm not, I'm not, I'm just saying like, we, we have like
that noise.
Like I get, I get where it's coming from, but just specifically the quality of the sound
of that noise was very weird.
Well, because I think like someone said, Zuzza, Zuzza, Zuzza, Zuzza.
I am on that person's side because that is, I'm not, I'm not against them.
I just, I do, I want to understand.
I'm here to grow.
That's the Dairy Queen Parfait of, of, stop saying he might get elected.
And even if he doesn't, what the fuck are we going to do, like, like, and maybe I'm
on the alt right in a Harmontown fan, I don't know.
Yeah.
You've certainly courted them heavily.
Well, that, that Vice-Canada clip that they, they've certainly made me look like an undecided
voter.
Nice.
All I'm saying is everyone's full of shit.
I'm not saying don't go out and stop this guy from hitlering.
He's from, he's, he's from New York.
He's a New York tradition.
Well, isn't...
I know, I know how you feel.
Like, I, like, I, I, I feel like New Yorkers have been, have been like, like, like sick
of that guy for 35 years, and like, and we're, and we're like, and we're like marveling at
when, when the celebrity apprentice happened, like, who in Wichita thought this was a good
idea?
Yeah.
But, but anyways, we don't want to talk about that.
We don't have anything else to talk about, but we've just, we've all been hit over the
head with a sack of potatoes for a year and a half now.
This election's been going on.
That's the new thing.
That's, that's what we got going on.
And we all know nothing's gonna, like, like, like the problem obviously isn't the election.
It's, because the president's got one power.
I flipped out on Twitter recently because the one thing is the Supreme Court thing.
That is why that's, because the president, during their term, if any of these geezers
like kicks it, like, they, they replace them and they replace them along these party lines.
And it's one thing, it's already bad enough that we have this bipartisan system where
these guys are just playing human chess and, and ladies playing human chess, congratulations.
But, but, but it's like, and then it did, now it's just like, they're just like five
year olds and they're fucking with the thing, well, we're not gonna let you be here, you
know, this is fucking unconstitutional, I'm gonna fucking kill myself, I'm gonna kill,
I'm gonna kill myself.
It's the only thing that's legal to say anymore, I'm gonna kill myself.
That's the thing.
I'm gonna kill all of you, I'm gonna, I'm gonna kill myself.
Can't say that.
That's code, I'm gonna kill you.
I'm gonna live forever, every time I kill you, I'm gonna gain power like Highlander.
And then I'll be able to, it's like a, it's like well water in my head, but I can sense
thoughts.
What are you gonna do in Highlander too?
I'm gonna make an ozone shield, what?
That Highlander series, I'll tell you, they did not know what we wanted in a Highlander
too, but there, I'm sure the writers sat down and were like, well it says there can only
be one, and then there's one at the end, shit, pretty cool, they're from Mars, I don't know.
Our next guest is new to the Feral Audio Podcast family, and I know barely anything about her,
but I thought it would be a good chance to get to know her because she was in town.
Please welcome Mary Hoolahan.
Hey.
Hello.
All right, so, if the show's bad, it's your fault.
Sure.
You're from San Francisco, right?
Mm-mm.
Uh-uh, nope.
No, I'm...
You're from Wichita, right?
Mm-mm-mm.
So you're from New York City, right?
Keep going.
Los Angeles?
Uh-uh.
The Anaheim.
No.
Ontario.
I don't know.
Okay.
Well, she doesn't know what's in Ohio.
Are you from the Northwest United States?
Are you from the Northeast United States?
Uh-uh.
Maine.
New Hampshire.
Uh-uh.
Pennsylvania.
Philadelphia.
You.
I don't know what's in the Northeast, to be honest.
New York?
Uh-uh.
Right?
Is that in the Northeast?
Uh, the secret Florida above the clouds.
Don't tell them about that.
Uh, all right.
We give up.
Rhode Island.
New Jersey.
Oh.
Oh, yes.
They like that.
Some of them do.
Oh.
This is it.
We're driving on crazy here.
So you guys are here for the festival, right?
Like, is it...
Or is it...
Is that...
I don't know how this works at the...
There's the New York Comic Festival.
Yeah, I figure, right?
But you can buy tickets.
Okay.
All right.
Fine.
And what are the tickets?
$90?
$700?
What are they?
$700, I think.
$700?
Yeah.
You know how that breaks down?
Like, the Spencer...
Spencer's beard has to be fertilized.
It has to be flown in.
Uh...
People have to fly out.
I'm first class.
I can't...
I need my mint.
My mint service.
My signature mint drink.
Um, anyways, New Jersey.
Thanks for making the drive.
Uh...
So, uh, tell us about, uh, New Media.
Oh, my God.
There's so much media out there.
Not enough time, honestly.
Yeah, no.
Everybody can't watch everything anymore.
Yeah, it's sad.
When I was your age, you could watch everything.
And, uh, and they're at the end of the night, around midnight, they would literally play
the national anthem and show a flag.
And it would go to static.
There wasn't enough TV.
It was insane.
And people would just, like, die in their chairs, smoking cigarettes, watching.
Static.
That's, uh, the original Poltergeist movie is all based on that.
It's like, oh, that's, that's when the ghosts come out of your TV.
Like, because we had nothing.
Like, Spielberg was like, now what?
And it's like flipping channels.
He's like, what if a ghost was there?
There's not going to be any more Spielbergs, because now there's too much to watch.
Yeah.
And Spielberg is like hooked on, uh, the fall.
Netflix.
You watch the fall?
So awesome.
Really?
Jillian Anderson.
Oh, she's in rare form.
Yeah, British.
My favorite form.
She's doing, like, an accent.
Or, or, or she was British the whole time.
Yeah, she's British.
I, in either case, she's impressive.
Uh, I don't understand how people can act in an accent.
It doesn't make sense.
Uh, well, give, uh, give me a, give me an accent.
Irish.
And, uh, give me a, uh,
Jerry Seinfeld.
Did you have her notice?
What's with Shalili's?
That doesn't sound like something I'd hit you with.
If you're going to hit someone with something, call it a hitter.
Don't call it something's delightful.
Oh, I'm going to pull out my Shalili.
Okay, now this time you're upset with your wife.
I'm upset.
And you're hard at work and she's coming in.
She needs, you know, something that's important.
It's not an unimportant thing that she needs.
I'm upset with my wife and it's important.
But she needs something.
She needs something.
But you're upset because you're overworked.
And what am I?
Am I Irish?
Jerry Seinfeld now.
Now you're acting in the accent you're just not acting in.
All right.
Well, I need space work then.
Yes.
Working on a pair of boots.
Of course.
And then can you play my wife?
Oh, sorry.
I didn't mean to do that.
And what, uh, what nationality is she?
Yeah.
Um, I think that Taster's Choice.
Okay.
Do you have a favorite?
Um, maybe Cockney.
Cockney.
Oh, you're, okay.
Great.
Oi, I'm sorry for breaking your car.
I don't know.
That's not really good, right?
Well, I broke your car.
Sorry.
It's fine.
Oi, it don't seem fine in it.
I'm frustrated, observing, saying what people are thinking, making boots.
Oi.
I can't stay mad at you.
Nice.
So.
Autistic Masterpiece Theater.
So what did you learn?
I didn't mean that because we were flapping our arm.
No, no, no, no.
That was not a flapping joke.
That was a, I mean, a personal space joke.
That was an empowering solidarity thing.
I was taking it back.
Yeah.
Uh, yeah.
Yes.
So.
That's another thing New York and Dan Harbin have in common.
We can take things back.
So from that experience, did you learn how to act in an accent?
Like, what can you tell us now?
Because you're the only person who's actually done it.
I just don't think, no, I find myself having to choose between the accent and the acting.
I don't know.
Like, how can you, because they both require pretending that you're something else that's
not true.
So I don't understand these people.
Like, people from Australia will be going soon and New Zealand actors, like, we're flooded
with them and they're brilliant actors and they just learn from childhood if they're
going to be an actor that the brass ring is maybe involves going to the States because
that's where the market, you know, has the most jobs.
And, and so they, from a very young age, I think they just, it's just like, oh yeah.
And then here's your American accent, which I don't know.
It must just be practice.
It's like, like you could raise a baby on a skateboard, maybe.
And it would probably be like Tony Hawk when it was 13.
And then, I mean, we've tried that, right?
Yeah.
Like I have.
Well, that's, that's the Olympics.
That's all these freakish children who are like, they've all been since, since three
years old, they've been like pushed along equipment and stuff.
And then they're like, I'm 13 and I'm crying because I didn't do a rhythm gymnast thing,
right?
Yeah.
Who can't identify with that scenario?
And then there's like an old, like, Belgian guy on the side that's like, you did it wrong.
You cost my nation gold.
Is the Olympics still like that?
That's why it was like when I...
All Belgian.
All Belgian coaches.
No.
All countries.
They're all Belgium.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
Um, why?
I, I hate the Olympics, you guys.
Yeah.
Bite your tongue.
I just, why, why do we gotta do it?
Well, I mean, there's probably a quarter of those events that are like actually, you
know, interesting in any way.
And then there's like horse dressage.
Like, like what, what makes the cutoff?
How do we determine what's important?
This sounds like a stand-up bit, but I'm just confused.
The answer is just committee thinking, like, as far as like, because some, some country
will probably say, I wish, oh, we, we of Malta, we think that semaphore should be an Olympic
sport.
Right.
And then some, and then the committee probably says like, well, it'll seem to me, uh, as
a Senator, uh, Olympic Senator Johnson speaking, uh, your country, uh, has more
semaphore than any other country.
So are you trying to cheat your way into a gold medal there?
Oh, you plan to compete with the globe in the spirit of humanity?
Uh, well, both, we want to be good at something and we want to, we want to, we want to also
participate.
That's that whole thing.
The Olympics are about us getting together.
It's about a united planet.
To defeat other countries.
Yeah.
We do that by swimming better than each other.
That's dumb.
I hate it.
It was from a time when the only other time we hung out with other countries is when we
were murdering them and like, like, like, like fucking the holes, like that we stabbed
with spears.
Right.
Like, like, like we were just like monsters.
Like if you saw a person who spoke a different language, you were like, that encounter did
not stop until there were tendons exposed.
And so then it was like fun that we were playing ping pong together.
That's a little outdated in this age of smart bombs and dumb children.
Oh, shit.
I hate to get too political downsizing and uploading, uploading and downsizing.
No, I did the same thing, but in the reverse order, okay, upsizing and downloading.
There we go.
That's great.
Worth it.
I guess I'm, I guess the thing that scares me about, about the, uh, alt-right movement
is that I am a Jew-loving intellectual that like is going to just have all of his property
taken away from him and, and just like, I've spent 20 years working, yeah, and I thought,
I thought I'd get, got to have stuff at the end of that, right, which I guess is all anybody's
ever saying.
So then some people who spent 20 years working and didn't get anything for it now, then, then
they get to be Nazis.
Yep.
And I was like, Nazi time, and I'm like, um, hold on a second.
I spent 20 years preparing for non-Nazi time.
Thank you.
I think we'll be fine just as long as Obama doesn't take all our guns.
Well, I'd like to see him try.
I'd like to see him try.
Like, that'd be a, that could be a reality show.
Obama's America is just taking guns from people.
Well, now that his job has become late night talk show appearances, he should just, he
should do a bit on Letterman or do it.
There's no Letterman.
Oh, that's so sad.
He should, he should do a Kimmel bit where he go, he goes door to door and tries to
take people's guns.
It'd be funny.
He'd be very charming.
I'd, I'd give him my gun.
Even if I loved my gun and had a gun, I'd give him my gun.
He's so charming.
Oh yeah.
We're going to miss that.
I'm going to miss Joe Biden.
That's like, I mean, Obama's great, but Joe Biden, he's like, you know, he's, he's just
fun times Joe, just want to, what's that guy up to, you know, I guess we could still do
that.
I will.
I'm going to make up my mission to find out what Joe Biden is up to.
Did you see that clip where he, he's reacting to the, the new email resurgence thing and
then he's in, and he's a clip where he's in the middle of an interview and they're bringing
up and he's like, what's that again?
What's going on?
Like, look, whatever this is, wherever it came from, and they're like, Anthony Wiener,
he's like, Jesus Christ, he has such an organic reaction.
It's, it's great.
That was everyone's reaction as that information came out.
Well, Mary Houlihan, am I pronouncing that right?
Yes.
Okay.
It's not like how, how, how Houlihan.
Oh God, no.
Are you, you must be familiar with Hot Lips Houlihan from Mash, just in name anyway.
Sure.
Yeah.
Is that an Irish name?
What is that?
Yeah.
Have you been to Ireland?
I wish.
Have you?
No.
And by the way, you're not allowed to wish until you get there, I think.
Or is that, is that what it is?
Is it wishing?
No, that's genies.
You've got to kiss a rock.
You have to capture a leprechaun.
Irish genies.
You will, the leprechaun will give you a wish if you catch them.
No, that's the pot of gold, right?
No, if you, no, the pot of gold is usually a wish.
If you catch the pot of gold, it'll give you a genie.
You can buy a genie with the pot of gold and get a wish.
I think it's that you get a wish if you catch a leprechaun, but most people, by default,
wish for the pot of gold.
Well, can you ask for more than a pot of gold?
No.
Two pots?
I hate magic.
Two, two thoughts, is it?
Two pots of gold?
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
I'm sure there's some variants.
You know, in Ireland, everything's a fairy.
Really?
Yeah.
Everything's a fairy.
When they say fairy, they don't mean little things with wings.
Goblins are fairies.
Ettercaps are fairies.
Dwargar, dwarves, gnomes, they're all fairies, elves are fairies, orcs are fairies, goblins,
I probably said goblins, spriggans are fairies.
The word fairy is to the supernatural to the Irish what the word pudding is to the British
in terms of food.
It's just all desserts are pudding.
I could have just said that.
I didn't need to, because there's nothing that needs to be clarifying.
I'm an overanalogger.
I'm an analogaholic.
In what way?
Well, it's like this.
If analogs were cocaine, I'd have no home.
That clears it up.
And then I do too many.
Analogs.
Do you drink?
Are you young enough to ask how old you are?
How old?
26.
I almost used the word ripe.
You can use ripe for old people.
A ripe old age is fine, but you can't, what a ripe young lady.
She's a ripe, she's just so ripe.
Old people are probably overripe at that point, I think.
Well, yeah, but I think we flatter them.
It's like saying take them out early.
I remember there was a commercial for Wheel of Fortune when I was a kid, and it's a great
show for the young, and it showed like a kid playing Wheel of Fortune, and then it cut
to an old lady spinning the wheel to the young at heart.
I always thought that was a funny way.
That still happens, I think.
I still hear that occasionally.
Young at heart.
Or they say she's 100 years young.
100 years ripe.
We're ashamed of death.
We think that death means, even though it's something that all of us have to do.
We think it's, oh shit.
Maybe not you.
That's the thing.
We're getting closer.
We're getting closer to Turing's parabolic tipping point where people won't age anymore
because we'll be robot brains, something like that.
Good for you.
Yeah.
I'm sure your PowerPoints will be amazing.
It sucks that they all have to die, but.
Everyone 27 and over.
When you were born, they handed you a Comic-Con sign, so everyone behind you knew that they
wouldn't get a signature.
Oh, wait.
No, that doesn't make any sense.
It's the people in front of you that age more.
Well, it's like that, but backwards, right?
It doesn't make sense, but that is what happens.
They said, could you go tell everyone older than you they're going to die?
And you're like, that's a shitty gig, and they're like, after you're done, you get eternity
to hang out and do keynotes, TED Talks, but everyone watching will be able to live forever.
Yeah, but they'll still want to hear you say stuff.
Are we supposed to want to stay alive?
Are we supposed to?
I hope not.
I haven't for years, because I'm already starting to get at 43.
I'm kind of like, I'm not, I'm not going to say like, oh, I'd be stoked to die.
But I'm like, I can feel it starting to get in there.
I can tell by 53, I'll be like, yeah, or we could die.
Like when someone, when we're arguing about where to go to eat, like Taco Bell or McDonald's
or death.
Not that that conversation ever happens, should we go to Taco Bell or McDonald's?
I don't know why I'm laughing at that.
Everyone in Wichita is like, that's every night.
Like wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, sorry, you live in Los Angeles where there's a restaurant,
new restaurant opens every night, you fucking rich sack of crap.
We have to choose which cock gun our food comes out of, because we have two jobs and
children, you fucking gross elitist prick.
Sorry, sorry Wichita.
Why are you listening?
Aren't you part of that big red part?
What is that?
Do you care about politics?
Sounds about right.
I think about it a lot, but it makes me mad.
Are you going to miss Vine?
Kid like yourself, you must have grown up on Vine, right?
Yeah.
Can you do something for six seconds like you would do on Vine if it was still around?
Can we see it?
I'll say start when the Vine starts, I guess, and then I'll say loop when it's over.
So then if you want, you can do it again.
Okay, so start.
Oh, this is Stevie Nicks.
Loop.
Sorry.
That's her.
Yeah.
Well, you probably reshoot it in that case, if that happened.
I think what I did is, I made a mistake because I said start two, three, four, so I'll do
it again and I'll do one, so okay, start.
This is Ray Romano and he's a piece of bread.
Loop.
Okay.
That's probably, we could probably do that on Instagram now if we don't need Vine.
That's why it happened.
For Vine, for Twitter, for Buyan Vine, for Google, for Buyan Twitter, for Mobile Oil,
for Buyan Time Warner, AT&T, and Google.
So, 9-11, what happened here, uh-oh, we're fired, oh, is she, because her microphone
keeps-ooh, upgrade.
Oh, nice.
This is a good chance for me to switch over to, uh, I got to start typing.
No.
Oh, no.
You should, you should write comically like you were doing while rapping.
I'm sure that's your wheelhouse.
I can't even listen to what you're saying while sitting down.
Oh, I know.
It'll be great.
Whatever you suggested, probably won't go well.
Okay.
Dan's firing up the computer.
All right.
So, I don't have any ideas.
I just thought I'd come over here, um, start a new, all right, fade in, interior house,
night, uh, Chiquita, 26, is baking, uh, her husband, Mike, oh, shit, I'm sorry guys, I'm
sorry guys.
I thought you were just shouting out like I'm with her or, when I hear shouting, I just
tune it out.
I'm like, well, this person's just, just, just incomplete.
But you weren't, you were, you were, you were relying on me and I was letting you down.
That's why you were calling out.
I have calluses around my ears and soul.
Because my parents, frankly, they hit me.
I know they're sick of hearing that, but stop listening to the podcast.
You fucking oafs.
Just retire.
So now do that by rapping.
Well, my name is Child of Peace and I'm here to say, um, I, I, I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna
abuse myself in the usual way.
Tell an adult.
I gotta, I gotta, uh, chicle it in my pocket and a Mike and Ike, uh, he, uh, god damn it,
uh, and, and, and right about now I'm gonna rap what I like.
Uh, uh, my name is shit.
I'm typing what I'm saying.
Uh, uh, uh, rapping, rapping on Third Street, going to, to, to town, uh, I'm gonna take a
woman out of the town.
Uh, I, I, I'm gonna treat her real nice and open the door.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna sweep her off her feet and something
more.
Uh, uh, uh, and right about now I'm gonna hand the Mike to, to myself because my name
is Mike.
Uh, uh, uh, I can't, I can't do it at the same time.
No, I think that was great.
That's what we wanted.
No, I can't, you can't, you can't rap and, and, and type dialogue at the same time.
I know you did it.
You, you succeeded.
That's all we wanted you to do and you did it.
I bet you could, this is a good test.
I bet you could rap and talk about politics at the same time because it takes so little
brain space.
How do you talk?
Uh, okay.
Uh, Steve says you should improvise Rick and Morty as a script.
Uh, I might be too close to home.
Alright.
Interior Morty's house.
Okay, Rick is inventing something, Morty enters, uh, geez, Rick, what are you inventing?
This time, could you make it something that could help me get with a girl?
Rick, Burp, uh, Morty, I don't have time for this.
I don't have time for this bullshit right now.
My brain is huge.
Ah, geez.
Shut up and hand me a screwdriver.
Life is pointless.
Ah, shit.
Ah, geez, Rick, I can't type.
Uh, Rick, I'm putting my foot down this time, man.
Shit.
God damn it.
Fucking cocked.
Fuck.
Oh, shit.
Ah, fuck.
Okay.
I said cocked fuck, not cocked sucker.
That's politically correct.
It's denigrating.
You know anyone can suck a cock, Dan.
It's not like insulting.
I'm like, yeah, you're right.
Thank you.
I'll be here tomorrow.
It's sexist.
It's not homophobic to say cocked sucker.
It's sexist to think it's not all right to say cocked sucker.
I just think it's funny.
Like it's just a funny image.
And that's it.
Like, I'm like, yeah, I could suck a cock.
That'd be funny.
Now that's homophobic.
If you're talking to a guy and he says, oh, here's your fries, and you're like, these
are late, and he's like, fuck you, and you're like, fuck you, cocked sucker.
You're saying to that guy as another guy, fuck you, I'm not on your team, and here's
some things that are bad about you.
You suck cock.
So that's bad, because whether the guy's gay or not, you've denigrated a section of
the population.
That's in the attitude, right?
It's in the attitude?
Yeah.
You said fuck you.
You're not like, oh, thanks for the fry, cocked sucker.
You know, that'd be fine.
We're all just trying to work it out.
So speaking of things that are not, so I don't know, like, I don't know what's politically
correct or not when you're talking about, like, Spencer would like to make love to
more women.
Well, I mean, who doesn't?
And he's also in his mid-twenties, and I'm not going where you think I'm going, right?
Yeah, what the fuck?
You're tipping your hand too early, Harmon.
I don't know where the paths go into hashtag rape culture when you're, like, wingmanning
in public, when you're like, someone should fuck my friend.
Well, I think you're just, you know, doing what no one asked you to do, really.
No, I know you didn't ask me to do it.
I'm also being a bad friend.
I know that.
But I just, like...
Fair enough.
I think, you know, like, Spencer's never going to make the first move, so you should
gang up in him in an alley.
That's also not true.
I mean, it's not like I'm always going to make the move.
I mean, yeah.
I don't want...
Why is this happening, Spencer?
I'm sorry.
It's fine.
Can we bring out...let's bring out...
Bachelor at number one.
The show's going great.
So let's bring out a head of CISO, Evan Shapiro.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit, he was quick.
This guy's like the king of new media, and he won't have a microphone.
Oh.
Because we had...
Is there a broken one?
Hey, cock-sucker.
Where do you stand in calling someone a cock-sucker?
Oh, God.
I usually don't.
What insults do you usually apply?
Oh, that's a good question.
Yes, it is.
It depends on the intelligence of the person I'm talking to.
It's fine.
I don't want to get your joke.
Okay, thank you.
Because I will tell you, when I was in my 20s and the world was different, if I would
get really mad at another man, I would go full Baldwin, like Glenn Gary, Glenn Ross,
and further, like a lot of man-on-man insults that aren't woke are...they revolve around
the emasculation of the other guy, and so you call him the C-word, and you call him...
And my favorite was always the T-W word.
Twain.
Remember the twain?
Shall we meet, mother cock-sucker?
No, you know, it rhymes with the second part of robot.
Yeah, I know the word.
Yeah, okay.
Do you want...
Are you trying to get me to say it?
No, no, no, it was my favorite.
It was like, if I was mad at a guy, I'd be fucking twat.
I'm not really comfortable with that word, although we just did a show with a comic and
the name of the show was American Cunt, and so in the office for a couple of days, you
know, the email filter would capture it, or, you know, do you say that title in mixed company
in the workplace?
Right.
You're the boss.
In the U.K., like, it's a word that's like the equivalent of, like, I don't know, asshole
kind of.
Yeah, kind of.
Hello, Cunt.
It's designed for that accent.
It's sweet, almost.
So let me ask you this, because you're a curator.
You're running CISO.
It's comedy, and so it's like, we're living in this world now where comedy has come to
a four-way stop sign with multicultural awareness and, like, people trying to evolve into a
Roddenberry vision of the future, and, like, comedy is about irony, irony is about incongruity
with expectations, sometimes it's about shocking people, et cetera, like, I go with the definition.
I think Jim Norton said, like, just nobody tried to be shocking on purpose, and nobody
tried to be polite on purpose.
That's you not being funny.
If you make yourself laugh and stuff, I would go with that.
That makes sense to me, but as a person who's in charge of who gets a stand-up special and
who doesn't, where do your opinions come in, and how do you employ them?
Well, I think the hard part is that in a culture where a woman can go on stage and be married
to the largest cyberbully on earth and, unironically, lecture us about cyberbullying, how are you
funny?
How does someone respond to that and actually make fun of that in real time?
Because you're watching the world turn meta on its head right in front of you, and it's
very difficult to react to that in a way that just doesn't seem, you know, even more ironic.
Things are moving so fast I have no idea what you're talking about.
I don't even know.
Well, so I think what's happened now is that you're seeing something like this, where somebody
gets up and is entirely confessional for an hour without necessarily having a script,
has become one of the coolest ways to do comedy.
And so I think what you're doing here and podcasting in general, you know, with your,
I don't know what your podcast is about.
Me neither.
It's great.
What is it called, Mary Houlayan?
It's called What's Up, It's Mary Houlayan.
That's the name of it.
And you just had your first show today, right?
Was that a great one?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
How'd it go?
Oh my God.
Incredible.
They were all there.
Oh, shit.
Thank you.
That's a big studio.
Yeah.
My living room.
Hey, by the way, Spencer.
Hey.
You can't push back the start of the show.
Yeah, no, I know.
Okay.
That's why you know where I'm going to be right after this.
You're going to be writing, right?
Yes.
Okay.
Who's going to be on the show next week?
Oh.
I don't think we can say it.
Yeah, yeah, we can say.
It's possible that these people might drop out again.
Oh.
We've had a lot of problems.
We've had a lot of problems, Megan.
No, no, no, no.
But we put up extra scenes on Thursday.
Oh yes.
Yeah, expanded universe.
You should check it out.
It's the parts that we wish we could have kept in the show, but had to cut for time because
we wanted it to be short.
There's a whole wrestling match with Paul Tompkins.
Oh yeah.
Do you guys mean to imply that things have to sometimes be shaved from a larger?
It's all genius.
It's all genius, Dan.
Nice.
Because it just makes me think of how I'm so tired of having to choose how to shave.
Is this a sponsor?
No.
What?
What do you think we're bought and sold?
We're just talking about our personal experience with various products we interact with.
Spencer, when was the last time you shaved?
Oh, I shaved my whole beard because I was going Hollywood Spencer.
You might have heard the ad.
Well, not you, you guys.
Come here.
But yeah, I grew it back.
How long?
Wait, seriously.
How long did it take you to grow that beard back?
This is like a seven-year beard.
A seven-year.
That's a seven-year.
Look at Levy's laptops, his browser's home page is the IGN.com.
Levy's like a little care bear.
He doesn't have an ounce of hatred in his heart.
I'm sure mine is Pornhub Premium.
It has to be.
Premium as a home page?
I don't know.
That's urgent.
It's urgent.
So anyways, I mean...
Pictures of men shaving.
Yeah, you at home listening, it's pictures of men shaving because here's the thing about
shaving and women shave, too, and there's no such thing as gender, so this is a commercial
for humanity.
DollarShaveCub.com lets you, the human end user, reach out into the world and use digital
technology to have shaving equipment delivered to your door.
It's an unholy union of prehistoric needs and modern fulfillment.
If you just go to DollarShaveCub.com slash Harmontown, I believe you'll get a deep, deep
discount.
You can try, you get a free trial, just pay shipping.
Yeah, and they pass the shavings on to you.
I just coined that.
You didn't write that in advance?
No.
So whether you have a beard that you don't like, or you have one that you like and you
want to spend some time apart from it, or whether you don't want one and you're afraid
one's about to happen, or whether there's no chance of you having one, but you live
in a part of a patriarchy that demands that other parts of your body be hair free, you
know, like, or maybe, hey, maybe you don't, maybe you're offended by that, maybe you choose
to be hairless, and it's an expression of yourself.
In any case, you got a shave.
So why invite the Gillettes and Bix and needless trips to the grocery store into that equation?
That's not personal, that's not convenient, that's not intimate, and that's certainly
not millennial.
There's nothing less millennial than trying to break into that locked up razor fortress
at the drug store.
Yeah, what does that say, like, we want you to have this but we don't trust you with it,
you might hijack the store with a razor, like, oh, you're a terrorist that's going to take
over the grocery store by having the first blade pressed down the skin and have the
second blade lift, well, the third clips, leaving behind a smooth strip of, that's not
how terrorism works, and it's not how shaving should work.
And hey, look, I don't know, I'm no expert on capitalism, but I don't think our advertisers
would want us to exclude terrorism from their potential, I mean, I don't know.
I think they might want to exclude them.
I've seen pictures of these guys, they need a shave.
You think dollar shave is okay with terrorists buying their razors?
According to science, as long as they use them to shave, but what I learned in 10th
grade science, the definition of what, we cannot say for sure that their lack of shaving
is causing them to blow things up.
However, we do not know that there is not a cause-effect relationship until we do an
experiment, like going to dollarshaveclub.com slash Harmontown, if you are feeling terroristic
today, look in the mirror, are you beardy?
Do you know for a fact that the beard is not telling you, like, to hate America?
I don't, I hate America, I don't know what's, I don't know, it could be my beard.
Does your beard tell you to hate America?
I don't know, I don't speak beard, so it doesn't get long enough.
Your beard tells you to hate America?
That's why I chose the executive blade, choose your own blade.
So dollarshaveclub.com slash Harmontown, they're going to love that.
You know what's fucked up with the society, I typed in man-shaving into Google, there's
got to be 1,000 images here, I bet if you typed liberty, look at that, a statue, it
says so much about where we're at, look at this, it's just a statue, you know, and it's
a French one, what if you typed human rights, oh God, you're going to get people that are
like, no, no, no, okay, yeah, okay.
Just all these images of humans exercising their rights.
Democracy, there we go, okay, well that's better, it's just the word democracy in a
lot of signs.
Levy, you don't have your trackpad reversed for scrolling?
Fucking get with it, they're not going to change their minds.
As if people that reverse the trackpad are like, I'm holding out, holding out for what?
It's an oligarchy, oligopoly, I think is what I meant to say.
It's an Olly something, man, Olly Olly oxen not free.
But it's his laptop, doesn't he have the right of choice of scrolling direction?
I have the right to share it with him and throw bricks through his window that say, leave
it, I don't have the right to do that.
You're a scrolling Nazi.
I'm a scrolling Nazi.
No scroll for you!
What if you type in Irish Seinfeld, what do you get?
This is good.
So this is like family feud.
Surveys?
I don't, okay, showing results for Irish Seinfeld, here they come.
All right, well, it's the Gramercy, it's a very old classic theater, there we go, Irish
Seinfeld, that's just Seinfeld.
He's a global phenomenon, Irish Seinfeld is Seinfeld.
Yeah, okay, that makes sense.
Wait, what is this picture, what is this, the cast of Seinfeld in front of the World Trade
Center with an airplane, I mean, it's the cast of Seinfeld in front of the World Trade
Center with the plane going into it.
Whose page is this?
It's an Irish guy's page, because until we wait for it to come up, the URL is Seinfeld-911-exercise-terrible-bad-taste-funny.
Seinfeld does 911 as an exercise in terrible bad taste, but it is very funny.
All right, hey, this is a show, I think maybe it's an Ireland, here's a quick extract to
give you the flavor, it nails the, okay, the, hey, by the way, I am so, so sorry about that
guy that you were seeing, meh, meh, what do you mean meh, he was murdered by terrorists.
Yeah, okay, I'm not going to read someone else's comedy.
I don't, I don't see this ending well, it's a spec script for Seinfeld, it's a spec
script for Seinfeld.
It's about Elaine having a boyfriend who dies in 911 and then I'm dealing it, well, I hope
that person's happy, TV's dead, I mean, like, yeah, we're killing it, and by the way, I
just like to say, you know, as the company that brings you the Olympics, fuck, can you,
can you stop them?
Can you do something?
I do not have that.
Pull some strings, man, pull some rings.
Why would you want to?
Because they're like, what if I told you that there is a global corporation that just wanted
to extract money through the world by way of pretending some sports mattered?
Welcome to America, man.
Yeah, I hate it.
Do you think sports are a pacification of people that would otherwise murder me, or do you
think it's encouraging them to keep feeling murdery?
Both.
I think sports and other group communal activities help us escape, yeah, absolutely.
Imagine sports, you know, I've been an Eagles fan since I was born, basically, yeah.
Let's see what happens tomorrow, let's see what happens tomorrow, but I don't, there's
not a rational, I don't have a rational reason for rooting for the Eagles, I've lived in
New York 27 years, and they suck most of the time, or they break my heart every year, and
yet I keep going back.
I'm sorry, I typed my name into Google, they're excited.
You're Googling yourself?
Yeah, which I haven't done in a long time.
What's the first thing that comes up?
Well, there's, oh, it looks like you purchased a little ad here.
Now that's an ad.
Dan Harmon, my Wikipedia page, there's my Twitter, I'm Dan Harmon, my AMA, Dan Harmon
poops my outdated blog, my story structure, wow, it used to be Dan Harmon's, what's that?
Click on that Twitter rant, what's that about it?
Dan Harmon's angry, abusive Twitter rant, that doesn't sound like you.
That's a year ago, that's a year ago.
Makes him seem deeply unhappy.
File this one under comedy with two question marks.
First off, none of this is safe for work in any way.
I don't know.
That's not true.
But here we are printing it, because if you scroll down, you will be reading some language
in italics.
Language is not the burden of not safe for work at all.
Who's like looking at, oh, that text is naughty.
You are fired, mister.
Second off, if you worship Dan Harmon, creator of Community in Rick and Morty, you might
want to stop here, because even your fellow Harmon worshipers think it makes him look
really small.
The story here is that Harmon was on a plane yesterday, possibly drunk, and someone insulted
him on Twitter.
This happens to famous people all the time.
It even happens to non-famous people all the time.
Twitter is essentially a cauldron of self-promotion links and insults, and there is no escape.
Dan Harmon has surely been insulted on Twitter before.
It's part of the shitty bargain.
This time, though, something's not.
This time.
He caved to a dark desire to, quote, inflict genuine pain, unquote.
Unfortunately, his nemesis has protected all his or her tweets, so we can't see the original
spark.
But Harmon's responses tell us plenty all by themselves.
Update, from the comments, here's the unforgivable incendiary tweet that set Harmon out.
Oh, shit.
Okay, I guess you're drunker than expected.
That's okay, but this isn't that great of an idea.
Oh, yeah, that's a fucking shitty person.
Who would respond to a tweet like that?
Okay, I guess you're drunk, but whatever, not a good idea.
Fuck you, let the pain begin.
I barely remember this, but I'm now re-mad at that guy.
So I said, by the way, going through a divorce, fucking a drunk, I'm on a plane, fuck you.
My Twitter, my internet, my planet.
I'm fucking Dan Harmon, I'm not a goddamn politician.
Those people are terrible fucking people, I'm not running for election, fuck you.
Don't talk to me shitty, you're gonna get talked to shitty back if I'm in a bad mood.
It happens every day, every day, it happens every day.
Even the non-famous people.
I'm not a fucking senator, man, like fuck you, fuck all of you.
So fucking mad.
And then these days people who are sober right now.
There's so sitting politicians that do much worse and it's not a problem at all, like
they're like, oh, let's stop minorities from voting.
Well, that's true.
I mean, there's been politicians threatening other politicians.
Yeah, I didn't get drunk and get on a plane and say, I have an idea, all Mexicans are
rapists, let's build a wall around America.
Right.
Like that would be like, well, Dan Harmon got drunk the other day and revealed that he's
a fucking racist and a Nazi, and I thought, like, no, Dan Harmon got drunk and revealed
something he reveals when he's sober, which is that he's a dick and you shouldn't fuck
with him.
Like, he was just more in the mood to fuck with you back than to play cookie collector.
I'm sure this was pre cookie collector, right?
So I don't know, I just, all I did, I Kevin Spacey the guy, like I just leaned into him
and like fucking let him have it.
Is there a wrap up?
There's a wrap.
Oh, it goes on from there and you can revisit the whole debacle at Harmon's Twitter feed
slash Dollar Shave Club if you want to discount.
The interesting thing here, oh, is it interesting is that his victim's Twitter handle was Bird
Person, which is a Rick and Morty character.
So he's at least nominally a Harmon fan.
Nominally?
Well, if they follow you on Twitter, I mean, they're already at least nominally a fan of
yours.
Oh, yeah.
Every single person that says shitty stuff to me is always following me.
Every person that always says, hey, shut up, you're fat and you're drunk and you're stupid
and no one cares about your opinion.
I always go over in the midst of blocking them and right next to the block button is a fucking
following you icon.
And I always want to go like, this is insane.
If you're fucking, you wonder why I'm leaving behind a planet that is going to burn into
a cinder.
Well, but Twitter's just become a bit masochistic.
You follow people so that you can get angry at them so that you can evoke some kind of
reaction.
Oh, yeah.
And that's all fine.
That's all fair play.
I have never in my life like tried to ban somebody or complain or be like, what's going
on on Twitter?
This is not, this should be illegal.
Somebody should shut PETA down.
I don't suffer the illusion that my problems are the problems of the fucking society around
me.
I don't wait for anybody to fix my shit.
I just like, if somebody says, fuck you, I'm like, no, fuck you, probably, maybe.
But do you...
If I'm coming out of therapy, I'm like, thank you, like for five minutes.
I'm like, oh, yeah, maybe I should fuck me, I guess, it's a good point.
I won't side with the split.
I should engage in some self-care.
I'm going to go shower now.
But do you, have you ever posted something in one of these that you regret?
He regretted this for a while, then he stopped.
Well, I regretted the whole experience, but that's different from remorse, like where
you're like, I feel, I shouldn't have done that.
Like I don't know, I still forgive myself for, I'm a human being that's on Twitter.
Remorse is like, I really acknowledge my crime and I fucking like, I feel terrible that happened.
Regret is like, oh shit, that turned into a shit storm.
If I went back in time, I'd avoid it because it didn't profit anybody.
I don't know, fine line, but remorse involves this person that started this shit, not feeling
like a piece of shit, and I'm not willing to go to that world yet.
I don't care if they're 15, I don't care if they have one arm, I don't fucking care,
they're a dick.
And an encounter with me and their brush with fame that resulted from it changes their perspective
on society's construction, then I've either done a favor or contributed to their fucking
gross soup that is our society.
And in either case, mwah.
They're probably proud of that moment though, they probably have that thing framed on their
wall somewhere.
So, the conclusion is, so what the hell just happened?
You're the journalist, obviously we witnessed an incredible explosion of insecurity, narcissism
and anger from a man who is both creatively talented, thank you, see that's a, these are
my worst enemies and they still call me talented, that's the fucking best.
I've never had like, nobody ever, everyone's like, that talented guy is an asshole, I'm
like, boom, mwah.
Ah, I can't, it's both creatively talented and insanely thin skinned, oh heaven for
fend that I'd be receptive and have fucking empathy, more than anything my takeaway is
that Dan Harmon is deeply unhappy, I love a good trolling, but this flew beyond that
category within like, three tweets, hopefully this is a passing moment of counterproductive
chest thumping for Harmon and not the start of an emotional breakdown that ends with him
smashing into walls in an asylum.
Ah, shit.
I mean, so that, what are we, that's, orwelling in to say that, hopefully this person being
publicly vulnerable on social media and the resulting clickbait articles talking about
how he's having a meltdown don't result in government intervention.
Are you fine, someone should shut PETA down, dude, someone started PETA so you'd say that,
they're already doing their job, go start anti PETA, do something, you fucking schmuck.
Like what the fuck, man, stop reading.
Let's read the comments.
Oh.
Alright, comments.
Here's a screenshot of the pretty innocuous original tweet, but yeah, we already said
that.
Oh, so they didn't research that, someone posted it in the comment and they updated it.
That's what they said.
I hate this shit, man.
This is an article that's literally just someone's tweets and then some, it's like
if I told you about something that happened on Twitter and then got paid 100 bucks for
it.
But this person's talking about the person responding, by the way, I never read a single
response from this person.
Apparently they said English wasn't their first language and they apologized how they
came across, I didn't read anything from them.
I was like, I was just typing 140 characters at a time about how they were a piece of shit.
Jesus, that poor kid.
Meh.
I don't know, man.
They definitely said they were sick parents, you are worthless, but this person's quoting
me.
You are worthless, but necessary byproduct of an evolutionary strategy summarizable as
no wrong answers.
To which this person responds, bleh.
Good one.
Dan fancies himself some sort of insulting savant, but the only jab I found particularly
inspired was your pistons are generic fears.
La di da.
Is that the Roger Ebert of insults?
I am Sarah Silverman's complete lack of surprise.
Okay, Dan Harmon has quite a few personality disorders, apparently stemming from an abusive
childhood, he is also an alcoholic and perhaps even a drug addict.
And although he is a creative genius, fuck an egg.
These are my enemies.
That would be like if during the debates, like Hillary Clinton was like, okay, I get
it, he'd make a great president, but still, I win.
Pouring his pain and dysfunctions into his work, if you are familiar with his work, you
will notice how many of his characters are projections of either himself, his hopes or
his fears.
What a shallow bag of tricks.
His process is very uneven, although this person may be defending me.
His process is very uneven and because of his, I believe this is probably Todd Vanderwerf
from The Onion, an anonymous account.
His process is very uneven and because of his many issues, he is very hard to work with,
okay, here we go.
Having constant breakdowns and anxiety attacks and being plain abusive to the point that
his now ex-wife, Erin, was more a caregiver and handler than a spouse and partner in the
traditional sense.
So no surprise that she finally called it quits because you can only take so much abuse.
And that's the point that sad little trolls like Joffrey who feel the need to use the
name of one of the most hated D-bags in all the fandoms because he thinks it gives him
some sort of Reddit street cred, wait, I don't even know who they are talking about now.
Am I Joffrey or is the person that tweeted me Joffrey, I got to back up.
So no surprise that she finally called it quits because you can only take so much abuse
and that's the point that sad little trolls like Joffrey who feel the need to use the
same, who feel the need to use the name of one of the most hated D-bags in all of the
fandoms because he thinks it gives him some sort of Reddit street cred but in fact only
shows how desperate for attention they are.
Don't get.
Don't stop poking Dan Harmon because you think him slapping you is attention that will make
you happy.
It won't.
There are people who are assholes because they choose to or because they are too lame.
This person can't spell for shit to be something better and then there are people who are assholes
because they suffer from mental illness, personality disorders and have a ton of real fucked up
issues to deal with.
Thank you.
These are the people that can barely function, I don't know.
And if you inform yourselves a little bit about Dan Harmon, you will realize he is one
of said people.
He is barely functional, he is a sick person that happens to be a creative genius.
If not, he would probably be living on the streets like so many untreated addicts of
mental patients and all the people who don't get that are just a fucking ignorant, cruel
reflection of how our society treats people with social disorders, mental illness, personality
disorders and drug addiction by punishing them, humiliating them, like they chose to
be that way.
Like they are very existent.
Did I write this?
Was I so drunk that I logged in and I was like, why do you keep... I should be on the
streets if you hate me so much.
Like they are very existent, it's annoying to them and they should just get over their
issues to make your selfish lives better.
Dan Harmon is an asshole, but at least he has medical issues to explain why he is this
way.
Just to make all the jealous hatters feel better, feel better, hatters feel better in
their hadding ways.
I wrote this.
That's my red herring, like I will spell a couple of things wrong, I'm like, I'll just
throw a couple of extra T's in here.
In their hadding ways, he lives in constant pain and anxiety.
I must be an expert at deflecting it because I'm fucking deliriously happy.
He is a very unhappy lonely man that hurts and pushes away everyone around him because
that's just how fucked up he is that he can't have a basic normal healthy relationship and
sooner or later he is going to self-destruct while the world watches and I think that will
be at the Gramercy Theater at 4 p.m.
Signed Steve Levy.
I bet if we check that IP address it comes right from inside my house, it's Steve Levy.
It's coming from inside the house.
Yeah, I don't, I mean, it's, what, so, okay, I mean, like, what do you mean?
I'm a creative genius, I'm not functional, I'm functioning so well that you're talking
about me for eight pages in a comment section.
I called you a creative genius twice though.
And I'm functioning so highly that you're fucking, like, writing more than I am.
Like, I'm getting paid for obscene amounts of money to self-destruct and this is more
than I've written all week.
I didn't do this much on Dr. Strange.
I just went in there and ate a pizza and was like, yeah, it's cool, he's kind of like
Rick.
Let's not forget Harmon's the first stages of a divorce.
That's true, okay, so here's the thing, I mean, I want to make sure and clarify, like,
I'm not, like, I very much explained that before that Twitter thing and I never looked
at the kid's responses.
I wasn't talking to him.
I very clearly said, this guy caught me at the wrong time, I'm fucking, and my therapist
had warned me and she said, people that are going through divorce, like, it doesn't matter
the circumstances of the divorce, it doesn't matter, fair or unfair, it's like, it's such
a, it, like, raises up your, like, weird, you become hyper-vigilant about injustice,
so you'll just, like, anything that seems unfair to you, you'll just, like, freak out
whether it's unfair to people in a corner talking, like, and then I went and experienced
it and I was like, this is what's happening, like, I'm, like, this person's going to get
a beat down because they disagreed with me, they told me and I'm like, I need to inflict
pain right now.
And then I just, I tweeted a bunch of stuff, I don't know the person, so how can I possibly
be hurtful?
I'm the non-anonymous one, I'm the one that everyone gets to call fat and alcoholic and
abusive, like, this person's like an expert at my marriage and they're just walking away
clean, they can write all that and they're mentally healthy.
This person is a fucking, like, this person's a therapist, right?
This person's in charge of how other people should feel and their response to a stranger
on Twitter having a bad day is that my wife had to feed me pudding because I'm, like,
that's fucking rude and judgmental and if I tweeted something like that at somebody else,
it would be incredibly petty and everyone would be like, Dan Harmon attacks Vince Gilligan
and invokes his divorce, you know, like, you think breaking bad is so good, how come your
marriage sucks?
It would be like the end of my career, it would be the end of my career because it wouldn't
just be me going like, fuck you, fuck you, people are gross jerks, I'm in a fucking,
I'm in a bad mood, everyone's a piece of shit asshole, I'm just like Hannibal Lecter, I'm
locked in a cell, all I can do is talk about fava beans, I can't, like, eat you, quid pro
quo, Clarice.
If you listen to me and work with me, I will direct you to a storage unit that will solve
a lot of your case for you.
There is a place where a guy for some reason is storing a head in a jar.
Conspiracy carrot, the voice of a generation.
Look at this guy, community sucked shit-flavored dick.
That's like the, that is like the Parks and Rec of insults of community.
What's more amazing to me is how anyone can go anywhere on the Internet and not flip out
like this.
Oh, I love you Ben Hinman, eight months ago.
Ben Hinman?
That sounds familiar.
Oh.
No, I was, it sounds a lot like Dan Harmon.
Wait, did I spend the whole show, what am I, what's, Steve Levy's clock says 223, does
that mean, oh, does that mean-
It's time for a wrap.
We got a wrap.
All right, Mary Houlihan, how can people walking away from this go experience more cockney
and more reserved but polite and possibly very cool, assuredly funny and smart because
you're on Feral Audio, shenanigans.
You can follow me on the web at Mary Huli, H-O-U-L-I-E.
You may also listen to my new podcast and you may also go to a comedy show I do.
It's called Cartoon Monsoon and it's every first Friday of the month at Annoyance Theater.
All right, Mary Houlihan, Evan Shapiro, what do you have to plug, Dollar Shave Club?
Yeah, well I could use a shave right now actually.
No, I'll plug Harmon Quest.
It's up right now.
And we just put ten new chapters of the expanded universe up there which has extra stuff that
we didn't get into, did not shave to it.
But it includes extra stuff with Paul F. Tompkins and Nathan Fillion and a whole bunch of other
great people.
Do you have a favorite one of these deleted moments?
I think the scene that got taken out of the wrestling match with Paul F. Tompkins from
the first episode.
It's been so long though.
I like the Aubrey Plaza, I think her introduction piece, I could turn it into something else.
It's like some really funny stuff.
There's so much funny stuff that we had to cut out of that one.
Yeah, the Aubrey Plaza episode.
Hawaiian coffee.
It's my favorite because it's like real time.
That's kind of what I pictured when I thought about playing D&D and animating it is the
fact that D&D, Pathfinder, Pathfinder, Pathfinder, Pathfinder, Pathfinder, the fact that fantasy
role playing is often, it's people arguing about how to open a door and it's like hilarious.
I did it.
All right.
Great.
Cool.
And that's all up.
You can get it on any device, iPhone, Android, CISO.com.
Xbox one.
Yeah.
Xbox.
And if you sign up right now, you get a month free.
So you can watch all of Harmon Quest and all of the expanded universe for free and then
maybe stick around.
Give me a beat.
I don't think they're ready.
Are you guys ready?
Yeah.
I guess I was mistaken.
They're ready.
Yeah.
Give it to them.
New York.
103rd Street.
Below it.
102nd.
That's where I like to meet my bagels and coffee and hot chocolate.
I front your mama until she said, stop it, and then I stopped.
Immediately.
Open communication.
I took a taxi and not an Uber because the medallion system is, is McRuber.
Will Forte.
I went to the Statue of Liberty to stop a torch.
Forge.
Word.
Street to street and train to train.
The subways are below.
Like Lois Lane.
She's not below Superman.
She's below a patriarchy glass ceiling, man.
She should be the editor of that paper by now.
I'm with her.
Lois Lane has more superpowers than Superman because she earned them by the hour.
She disciplined herself and she went to school in an age when people took her for a fool
because she had no penis where there's just a hole.
Daily Planet.
Lois Lane.
Metropolis.
Is it a plane?
No.
It's Lois Lane.
Is it a plane?
No.
It's Lois Lane.
Higher than an eagle.
Faster than a train.
Motherfucker, look at Lois Lane.
She got two big titties and a journalist degree.
Sorry about that.
Keep it going.
Move past it.
She's resistant to objectification.
It's her superpower.
She doesn't have a kryptonite because she's grown in a world that tried to hold her down.
She's more like zoom's dead than that regard.
Aquaman always gets beef because he talks to fish and coral reefs.
Green lantern.
Whoa.
His kryptonite is the color yellow.
And wood.
It used to be wood.
Dumb.
Fucking dumb.
So dumb.
I'm here.
I can help by making anything as long as it's green.
Make it green Superman and take over the world with fucking dipshit.
All right.
New York.
100 Fifth Street.
100 Avenue.
Alphabet City.
That's what I'm going to do.
My pinky is satin island.
So I'm going to stick it up like a little finger.
And all of the rocks.
I'm curling up with a fist and I punch you.
Because I'm New York.
If you're a terrorist, I mean I'm going to punch you if you're a New Yorker.
Because I love New York.
The fist is going to punch terrorism.
I hate 9-11.
Never forget.
I hate it more than everyone else can.
It's 9-11.
9-11 happened here.
I hate it.
And I don't fear 9-12.
Bring it on.
You're going to make it.
You're going to find out it can't happen.
I hate 9-11.
Below 6th Street you get a nice donut.
You get some coffee and then you will not wake up.
If it's a good donut.
Okay, starting over.
I go in the subway.
I connect the orange to the red.
I take the red line and I wake up.
Instead of going to 3rd Street, go below 4th.
If I want a good cup of coffee.
But you got to get it from the pizza dough from the other place.
Because they bring the water from Toronto or something.
Bring it home.
Jimmy, you're weary.
You're a huddled masses.
I fucked your mama in all the classes.
I fucked her so hard the bitch needs glasses.
She's myopic now.
And I gave her some grasses.
I tried to bring it home and I fucked it up.
That was great.
Here we go.
City to city.
Coast to coast.
I fucked your mama.
Like fresh toast.
Put syrup on her.
Gave her some eggs.
I had to do it when I saw her legs.
But I liked her for her personality.
Alright, fuck it.
Wait, okay.
Pedophiles are bad.
Okay, I feel that flow.
Don't fuck kids.
They're too young.
That's our show, everybody. Good night.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, Mabel.
Thank you to Evan Shapiro.
Thank you to Mary Hulan.
Thank you to the Gramercy Theater
and everyone who helped us put on the show.
Thanks to you.
Alright, Harmontown is out of session.
Try fans that take chances.
No.
Alright, see you soon.
Feral audio.